Update self-deploying.md (#4602)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-itpro-docs: windows/deployment/windows-autopilot/self-deploying.md

Self-deploying mode is designed to deploy Windows 10 as a kiosk, digital signage device, or a shared device. When setting up a kiosk, you can leverage the new Kiosk Browser, an app built on Microsoft Edge that can be used to create a tailored, MDM-managed browsing experience. When combined with MDM policies to create a local account and configure it to automatically log on, the complete configuration of the device can be automated. Find out more about these options by reading simplifying kiosk management for IT with Windows 10.  See [Set up a kiosk or digital sign in Intune or other MDM service](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/configuration/setup-kiosk-digital-signage#set-up-a-kiosk-or-digital-sign-in-intune-or-other-mdm-service) for additional details.

>[!NOTE]

> >Self-deploying mode does not presently associate a user with the device (since no user ID or password is specified as part of the process).  As a result, some Azure AD and Intune capabilities (such as BitLocker recovery, installation of apps from the Company Portal, or Conditional Access) may not be available to a user that signs into the device. For more information see [Windows Autopilot scenarios and capabilities](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/windows-autopilot/windows-autopilot-scenarios) and [Setting the BitLocker encryption algorithm for Autopilot devices](https://docs.microsoft.com/windows/deployment/windows-autopilot/bitlocker).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>Self-deploying mode does not presently associate a user with the device (since no user ID or password is specified as part of the process). As a result, some Azure AD and Intune capabilities (such as BitLocker recovery, installation of apps from the Company Portal, or Conditional Access) may not be available to a user that signs into the device. For more information see [Windows Autopilot scenarios and capabilities](windows-autopilot-scenarios.md) and [Setting the BitLocker encryption algorithm for Autopilot devices](bitlocker.md).
```
